[Music]
hey everyone so this has been a super
requested video this is my dorm tour I'm
so excited
basically this is a little bit of a
different setup than I had it in the
beginning of the year when you saw my
move-in vlog because I was in a dorm
called Pennypacker and I had like three
roommates and now I'm in another dorm
I'm just not gonna say it because the
privacy reasons but now I have four
roommates and we live in a suite so I
ended up moving rooms um I love my new
roommates like it's a really great
situation and just a lot better for me
personally so I just wanted to get that
other way so this is gonna be a little
bit it's gonna be a completely different
setup then you saw in my moving blog but
it actually gives me a lot more space
cuz I'm in the common room um and yeah
it's it's good I'm excited let's get
into it
fun fact bunch of guys in her entryway
decided it'd be really funny one night
to still have our new tags and then we
can never find them and then someone
randomly like put mine back and I don't
know so I don't know why but it's
probably good just for various reasons I
totally see what works out so this is
what it looks like when you come in give
you an overview so I live in the common
room as I said and I have for me and
[Music]
then we have like a futon that serves
like a couch from people want to come
over it's like a pretty open space so
yeah I'm like in this cornered and I
love living in the common room Ashley
and I have window right now my bed it's
a lot of space really open I love it
yeah I live in a suite of
by as I said and I for roommates and I'm
the bit so I'm gonna start over here
basically all of us get like a dresser
bookshelf thing um this Minds a little
unorganized but basically I have this
photo frame that my friend Molly gave me
for my birthday or early birthday
because my birthday isn't till the
fourth of January but I love this so
much and it just reminds me of all the
great memories from the semester on the
first shelf I have all of these mugs
basically like everything that I used to
make oatmeal morning or breakfast have
tea
this is my stick drawer because I'm sick
right now if you couldn't tell so I have
stuff like my vitamin C gummies these
like women's gummies that are vegan
which I love because not many gummies
are vegan um I can ensure this saved me
this semester stuff like let's see oh my
b12 spray so I take this every day
because you need that as a vegan random
antibiotics from the University Health
Department dayquil nyquil that sort of
thing um this little poster that I got
in New York reminds me of one of me and
my friends um this little flyer for
alpha feed recruitment we have your
group like sorority recruitment in the
spring at Harvard instead of the fall so
that's why that's happening is I'm super
excited for that one of my really good
upperclassman friend's body isn't that
and I really want to do it these are my
books okay so I'm currently reading
crazy Asians I'm reading it after I saw
the movie which is a big no-no for me
but oh well um card straight thank you
notes to people how to become a
straight-a student I do go to Harvard I
do try to get good grades
I know I have that roast me for having
that but I care um this is so funny this
is surviving freshman year at Harvard so
this is what they give to every freshman
takes an unofficial guide so it sounds
like how to do primal scream which is
like the naked
yard and like how to complete the
Harvard bucket list is its kind of the
unofficial guide for freshmen hilarious
um random notebook advocate which is
like a newspaper and this is the
yearbook for my class um next shelf
random stuff at Sephora that I got like
skincare products my bluetooth speaker
Polaroid camera this is all my skincare
which is like very messy um yeah we need
to organize that but it has like my
everyday products like I use this take
off my makeup
this makes foliate ur hair products yeah
love this right very messy though and
then on the bottom shelf we just have my
body lotion that I use everyday and then
this is like my shower caddy
self-explanatory and then this drawer is
like really really messy basically this
is has like all my jewelry my sunglasses
um I don't know like how do people
actually store sunglasses in a nice way
or like hang them up in a cute way I
really don't know I've never found a
good way to do it so if you know please
let me know in the comments um a hint
jewelry honestly I haven't kind of good
jewelry organizer yet but I have got
some like random hair products this
sobriety test Cambridge I haven't broken
out yet oh this is like my little like
cheerleader pom-pom from karma do such
good memories that blog will be up soon
um oh and this this is my favorite plate
award for flyby which is the blog of the
Harvard Crimson so we had general
elections which is when we got like
elected to the crimson so I got most
likely to reference her gap year I'm
sorry I'm not that or not but it was
really cute yeah I love my people at
flyby and at the crimson in general so
this is just like a good memory then
over here this is where I hang my keys
so like my dorm um this is like I think
a perfect shot this is for GP licks
which is like the ice cream place that
everyone goes to and then this little
keychain is
which I got when I was there with my
really good friend Leticia or something
and then this is my dresser but it like
doubles as my makeup counter basically
so here I have like all my everyday
products a lot of glossy I really love
them my perfume I wear every day my
brushes little glossy bag this drawer
like this is like lipstick this is like
liquid lip like Kylie and I'm estas yeah
the these are like tart eyeshadows that
my friend gave me which I love and it
sounds like my highlighters and flushes
and then this is like a random door was
like eyeliners and like samples and
stuff and then this is my mirror it's a
little dirty and then I have this lip
scrub from lush love this little like
hair bands in Muji hair band I just got
like my jungle place if I don't know
where to put it about a year and then I
have like my other makeup I actually
wear makeup a lot in college
I love me good so need this alright
every day and then let's see okay my
drawers these are gonna be super
organized so please get ready these are
like oh my pajamas and stuff fun socks
fuzzy socks and then like really warm
like snowboarding type socks for the
winter need those everyday socks these
are like just like little band of
thingies and the Nasri swimsuits I've
got so many swimsuits to college I don't
know why I did that I'm in Boston but
I've worn them too like a couple of sand
parties and stuff but other than that
don't really have any fun that drawer
and then this one it's so packed as you
can see basically this is where I keep
all my long sleeves so this is what I
wear like every day and I just like
switch out my clothes like per season so
right now all my winter stuff is at the
top in like my summer stuffs at the
bottom but these are like random shirts
that I wear like Long's long-sleeve like
turtlenecks more sweater types other
like random kind of a thinner
cotton ones over long sleeves and then
these are like all my t-shirts and gym
stuff basically stuff I wear to the gym
um random t-shirts that you got from
like free events there's that and then
this one product - these are all like my
work out there no jeans yes these are
leggings workout leggings I have like a
lot of gym shark and you who love that
really short sports bras and then oh
this is my little it's for like cable
kickbacks basically at the gym so I like
bring my own one of these and I have my
own resistance band that should be in
this oh yeah here it is I have like my
own resistance and tune so I use those a
lot
oh goodness yeah I really need more
storage okay so then here these are all
my shorts bar AP warm weather um that
keeps falling it's so annoying haven't
found a way to make it stick skirts
these are all like my crop tops
yep pretty much the river and brandy so
I wear these like to parties or like
sometimes if I just want to feel like
I'm telling Hinton and then bottom
drawer
yikes okay basically sweaters random
stuff more sweaters these are like my
big like hoodies and pullovers this is
my favorite one this is from head of the
Charles Regatta the Brooks Brothers one
it's not a lot of money on that but I
wear it all the time so it's worth it
and then random like so I pants and
stuff so this is like my cozy drawer I'm
in here along okay this is my backpack
yeah I use every day let me know if you
want like a what's in my backpack video
I'm thinking of doing that you just
carry around basically my life in here
um love it okay this is my desk I am
obsessed with my desk and that's good
because she makes me work I contact
papered my desk which made a huge
difference
um there's a little line here cuz the
paper didn't quite fit and I had to like
order two rules so yeah if you like
squint your eyes a little bit you can't
really make it out um my laptop matches
where's my day design it's my planner
obsessed with this oh yeah so I do like
layouts for each month this one I
literally don't know why I didn't put
anything in there that was sad
October I try to like make them I love
my September when this was like first
day of class so I had little days of the
week like the numbers is very much like
back to school yeah I love my planner I
try to make it like as cute as possible
yeah you can see summer me was about
more into into decorating and then
somebody got into college we kind of
faded out a little bit but let me know
if you want like a kind of planner like
organization video cuz I might I'm just
thinking about doing I like I use a lot
of washi tapes and stuff but I was
thinking about doing like an
organization video like planning score
work organizing no it's kind of a
Productivity video so let me know if you
want that um my Hydra flask carry
everywhere with me this was like the
best purchase I made in college and I
have the supports lid so it's like a
straw basically and that saves my life
so I love this I drink like baby for me
it's kind of a lot if I don't have my
Hydra class with me something is
seriously wrong
this little Yankee Candle it's in
miss cookie so I like putting a lot like
burn candles we're just kind of sad so I
don't have any matches right now but it
still smells like Christmas this is my
little Christmas tree I just got from
Target
I know LED light on top this is my map
so it's like a scratch-off one where you
like you scratch off all the countries
you've been to so I've been doing a lot
of countries they like cuz they're
really good and there's like this isn't
actually accurate but like there's Fiji
somewhere here the stage that's actually
not accurate
I don't count states that I've like
flown into I have to like actually
helping explored the state so haven't
been to a lot of places like Mexico
Bahamas all the places in Europe and the
missus from my gap year Indonesia
Thailand Cambodia ya know I think I like
been to a lot of countries and I look at
this map and I'm like there's so much of
the world I want to explore and then
this is my little pendant that I got
from Urban Outfitters I can link that
down below cuz a lot of you were
wondering where this is from I love it
so much let's see what else is let me
ask you this a few more than my phone
still yes very addictive sorry mom um
this is a little succulent this one's
fake this one's real
um this is my little guy I love him
Harvard actually sold these during
opening days actually all my real
succulents that I have are from Harvard
which are cool and then they use it to
make money for like the Environmental
Club and sustainability here so good
cause my lamp I think I got that from
Target this is from Target
that's some target I'll try to link as
much stuff as I can below but I don't
remember where a lot of this is from
this is from Dorma Frye this little
holder thing and then they're all my new
diamond mine SS I use these to like
color in my planner and like make my
notes all pretty yeah I need color in my
life
all right and then this is my tapestry
this is also from dorm if I've got a lot
of my stuff from there
these lights are from Target the but
first coffee sign that's from Durham
five and then these are all my pictures
right here just a like my friends and
family I paid these out like two weeks
after I moved into Harvard so there's
like me and my best friend Katie me and
my sister I mean my mom my brother my
mom again my friend Rose Whitney Katie
my sister's room Rose it's my friend
Audrey from Harvard Dean my old
roommates that's my friend best friend
Katie from home um Stella yeah my
chromoly me and my really good friend
Veronica and Audrey again from Harvard
so I like from like the first two weeks
so there's so many pictures I want to
print out now but we'll see maybe we'll
change them at I don't know and then
okay pillows these are all actually from
dorm of I so I can like link these down
below if you want love them basically
I've like my whole bedding is from dorm
if I so I got this like a super soft
pink plush blanket um
this like comforter so I'm I actually
love my bed here it's more comfortable
than my one at home which is insane but
this is my view so I look out right onto
the yard I love it it's so cool I love
waking up in the morning this morning
there was like frost on the ground you
can still kind of see it but it was
literally all white I thought I did snow
in first I kind of freaked out that's
when you know you're at California
person I'm really excited about snow I'm
asked that I stay for that night this is
like the heater so it's actually like
nice and warm which is cool
these are my little succulent they're
kind of dying right now and I don't know
what to do so I spray them kind of
that's okay
and then up here is have like an extra
pillow my carry-on suitcase that I take
everywhere and then
my friend from the summer because it was
so hot and here are my purses this is
like my main person I use everyday I
know this one um tote bag random
crossbody and then oh there's my laundry
right there
so this is the dresser so before I had a
closet but in this storm everyone gets
dressers um here we have this little
like organizer
there's my Victoria's Secret rub this
thing from Target which is like a
lifesaver it's like a shower wrap love
it my towels
this set is from Norma fry these towels
regular towels these are all my clothes
so this is my this is my jacket I write
every day from Eddie Bauer love it this
is my like fancy white coat this is my
petticoat from IMG I love that random
codes rain jacket yeah I'm like
patagonian denim jacket this is my like
Eddie Bauer steps on February coat yeah
my heavy duty
everyone at Harvard wears like Canada
goose but they all have like real baby
coyote fur and this is fake and I just
like every begin just I don't really
like supporting that so
oh my coat testing earth these are my
dresses for like random holiday parties
bored a lot of these yeah I wear these
to make random parties and events on the
bottom if we can see I have my shoes so
I have my boots and my uggs there behind
that and then I have my heels these are
like you know fancy heels I wear these
New York rain boots shower shoes more
boots stuff everyday sneakers that's her
stuff these are like very day these were
like white at the beginning of the year
and I kind of like the beat-up fans look
it's gonna keep oh yeah and then over
here humming mirror
and I just like stick everything
basically on my mirror so it's kind of
crowded but my little voting sticker
that was a big deal for me first time
voter Harvard football game versus
Princeton freshman talent show I went to
orchestra for free this is a oh my
friend is in the biggest acapella group
on campus here the low keys and so I
went to support her and then my friend
is in the modern dance show so I went to
support her and then this is my Harvard
Yale find way ticket and then I just
have just like mad I think I'm just at
Target supposed to be a Batman it's not
supposed to be white but it's very dirty
but that's to be expected my mom always
tells me never to get anything white
because it's always gonna get so dirty I
can't help it I love white okay and then
under here my suitcases are right in
there but this is like all my storage
kettle which I'm not supposed to have
actually I haven't broken that out yet
I'm surprised because I drink tea all
the time
this is basically where I have like all
my utensils stuff so like these just
take away cups um when I want like
oatmeal to bring to class or like
granola or something random these are my
snacks
so basically this is a package my mom
sent me from Trader Joe's obsessed
random changes it's nice check a pop
love this it's like my favorite snack
I'm obsessed with popcorn absolutely
obsessed vote meal
and Trader Joe's and Target or something
I eat in the morning I don't have time
to run to breakfast
these like sugary chocolate
just like and this is kind of my no
health super foods so yeah I don't I try
not to have a lot of like unhealthy
snacks like I have it Wario's now and
then because they're vegan
we're like jojo's every but I try to
just keep healthy snacks cause like if I
have it I will eat it I just know that
so yeah oh this is my like cleaning kind
of just like random draw that's not
saying these q-tips band-aids these are
like basically that gave me these
they're ketone so like you know like
ketogenic diets so these actually help
me sometimes instead of caffeine or like
coffee so they're like natural
Energizer's basically so that I have
some like with caffeine without caffeine
no no I like them I actually use these
all the time when I was taking the PSAT
any AP so like to stick with that in
college gyres cheese laundry basically
yeah my little cleaning drawer that is
oh there we go that's not gonna stay
there we go these guys are actually a
lot more and then this is a little
vacuum there in the corner and my very
messy surge protector power outlet thing
so yeah that was my drum toy I'm super
excited I got to show you guys I've been
waiting to do this video for a really
long time and I'm fully moved in now and
I'm so so happy and I wanted to film
this video before I left for whenever it
cuz that was important to me
and yeah I don't know I really love it
here I'm home it's really great I like
come back to my dorm and I'm like I'm
home it's really it's really nice I
don't know it was really important for
me like make my space like a home away
from home and like to have you know all
my favorite stuff and it just really
beat me like everyone walks into my room
they're like Sienna this is so you and
I'm like well that's great that's that's
what I want I mean I I Know Who I am
I'm the girly girl California girl I
don't actually know what else I don't
know I'm just obsessed with like color
and aesthetics and like wait and marble
and I don't know I walk into stationary
stores and I get happy so that tells you
all you need to know once you're
watching this I will I'll probably be
editing this on a plane home from winter
break yeah Thursday Thursday I'm flying
home so excited so I'll probably have it
up like right when I land or maybe like
when I'm in my connection yes I'll
uploaded it when I'm like connecting
flight so it'll be perfect
I'll be done with my finals yeah if you
see all these like lines under my eyes
it's okay I look very different from the
beginning of the semester when I was
like super like well bested and like
okay I'm still happy but like I was you
know young and bright and now I'm like
end of the semester like version of me
yeah I sorry for sniffling - I'm sick um
that has been great taking finals when
I'm sick but yeah don't worry about me
these lines will hopefully go away I'm
just not getting a lot of sleep because
of finals but that's that's to be
expected
we're crossing our fingers for 4.0 this
semester it's beginning to take a race
but yeah I actually have to get going to
a review session right now for
archaeology and yeah um comment down
below any videos ideas that you want me
to do because I'm gonna have all of
winter break to be thinking about them
and I want to make sure I do all of your
guys's requests if you enjoyed this like
subscribe be posting a lot more I
promise I'm gonna be like doing a weekly
schedule now
I'm gonna keep myself to that I
literally can have it as like one of my
activities YouTube I really want to do
this so yeah um like comment subscribe
I love you all and I'll see you in my
next video bye
[Music]